today is 'teacher's day' is a very special day, not only for the
teachers, but also by the students, especially through an advertisement
teacher and teacher, and I am very proud of this is one of the
occupations
older
and also that this gene
I do not know if I can
throughout his career in the first moments of life
the Pope at the time of retirement is that even when you speak you need
To have a vocation has a lot of dedication.
but it is also one of the most rewarding professions in all of them
is now in the report of wage wages
the art of teaching
it is a mouth is he chooses the career of teacher is certainly not of
eyes closed wages the result with students is one of the gratifications
on teacher's day
so declared this walk
I can not talk
that is why she has been a teacher for eight years in this kindergarten
municipality started last year
never regretted the career he chose without forgiveness to those who have
patience
have to score goals too, because they are children who need me
many other things besides the yard I trained three would stay out of attention
the very happy athlete
sandra has 15 years of teaching working with children today I prefer
for wages
says the category is much more optimistic
he gun I think
there was a great evolution in and I believe that from now on
It's the prophet I started much more
he will have his qualification
and research
this comes in a different way
will be the third key placement
are municipal schools today work eleven thousand teachers
professionals who have had salary improvements in recent years today.
Higher level undergraduate teacher has an initial salary of 1659 reais which
are the best paid school teachers in the city
in this one many get to earn more than 12 thousand reais a month fabiana is a
process that became the coordinator with more than 60 teachers from the
that it is necessary to have waist play to accumulate the two functions many of these
units
because here everything is up to date and also works in the profession.
exercise knows how difficult it is to believe that this Friday a day
updated every day working every day
getting better
but that you also have to keep abreast with the coordinator role
if the proposal of purchase study of the organization of the treaty of planning
paulo bernardo is also a teacher of course for him it is necessary to have
vocation and very happy to teach your
requires a heavy pace of work from morning to evening and every night
Saturdays Sundays holidays in the round in four counties of fortress said
that to be a good teacher you need to know the discipline is completely
the subjects with clearness of agile interesting form
that's why it's much more run
people do not work very hard to persuade people to farms to pass
in competitions
so rhythm that the teacher of cursinho
very bad despite the rush as long as he has skills
a wonderful thing like for example
received a call from a student of mine of students and teachers I closed the proof
teacher I passed the contest not for another
in the corridors of the courts in the federal
in a recent meeting
another contest with which you meet the students will say teacher thank you
I passed I'm here because of you this is very gratifying worth the
barrels